hey what's up guys hapu here so today a
picture of an egg has taken over Kylie
Jenner to be the most liked picture on
Instagram 36 million likes
I really think this egg is a Chinese egg
Joon wat that I have got the real road
record egg collabing with me today to
find out the truth about the egg Eugene
Sandow Instagram yeah yeah obviously
mutation data Instagram Chan sandshrew
sweet tour de you don't answer Shama
Versace Trump it's either one of the
Kardashians or a Selena Gomez Oh a
newborn baby tell you those hot good
thing G 1 1 G by what each bite one wow
that's a lot this picture has been
beaten to the hang for the most like
picture alright
guess what replaced it Rocky Mountain no
it's this AK why it's in kinder egg 36
million likes
of an egg you think it's a good I don't
know not an expert no no sounds it would
you that G Venzon yeah no one may wish I
know whole band yeah just a simple that
dreaming Wow took home okay a sound
sound to could see that the booty today
organic organic Oh to attend judge on
top n - yo chill by one Wow you ones
Angela oh boy
it also shows that if you want to do
something big you can do it with the
help of the community
man that's inspiring that's inspired and
that's motivation right there
you can do whatever you want anything
okay look this is what Kylie Jenner did
to the egg
she killed the egg I don't support
wasting food of a food blogger myself so
I honestly don't support this it's a
waste right is that see how many people
have no food from the oil in the world
come on yeah maybe maybe the egg deserve
to replace Kylie Jenner probably yeah
this lady doesn't have humanity
chickadee that should not go Coachella
Jeeva hey you guys where's your mana
Jessica's no ha ha
it says world record so over it could be
anywhere from the world not good boys
have that cheetah China really yeah it
doesn't say anywhere but from my
calculation mm-hmm
statistically speaking yeah - what's in
there - gee that search in Sweetwater
china produces 24 billion eggs yeah so
you guys should go to mother Jeeva
Chinese a Chinese a Chinese they don't
go that yeah don't go that do that hi oh
you go yang Ying she's always all night
that's all you got ah ha ha what
color white so you sure they called you
that
and now tell me what color this is
whoa it's such a perfect egg looks
really nice right orange yellow yellow
that's not yellow to a brown brow
American egg
China egg john-boy oh yeah yeah ooh yeah
meet you that was so the dreamer was it
a swallow simply yeah yeah yeah that
making China proud yes
Mego that don't go that yeah so the duma
not necessarily you can still buy the
same kind of a color arguing on canadian
supermarket that is true yeah there is a
50% chance this is a china egg you know
i can I take a selfie with it of course
of course
world record I will grant you likes the
more you shared the world famous egg
right here thank you for the clap
tag tag a world record egg know you'll
get followers hi you made it to the end
of the video I want to thank you for
watching and please go like the photo at
the world record egg and go like my
photo at HAF Yugi you owe half will grow
because I transformed into an egg today
so I can support the egg gang comment
down below where you think this egg is
from
[Music]